Release/3.15.0 (#210)
webex/webex-ios-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

- `0.9.137` Releases - [0.9.137](#09137)

## [3.15.0](https://github.com/webex/webex-ios-sdk/releases/tag/3.15.0)
Released on **14 February, 2025**.
### Added

> - New SDK variant“Webex-Message.” Released, a light weight SDK for Messaging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New SDK variant “WebexSDK/Message” released, a light weight SDK for Messaging.
```

### Updated

> - Fixed: General improvements and bug fixes for audio pipeline during the call, in many scenarios like , first ever call , call swap etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed: Enhancements and bug fixes for the audio pipeline during calls, addressing scenarios such as the initial call and call swapping.
```
